I've been accepted to do a talk for KubeCon EU's Maintainer summit. Here are some of the details:

---

  event: Maintainer Summit: KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe 2026

  session title: Agentic AI for Maintainers: Getting the Most from GitHub Copilot
  Enterprise

  Description

  he CNCF has partnered with GitHub to provide Enterprise Copilot for maintainers—but
  how do you actually use these agentic tools effectively? This session shares practical
   strategies for leveraging Copilot's full spectrum of agentic capabilities in your
  maintainer workflows.

  We'll move beyond basic code completion to explore agent mode and the coding agent,
  showing when each makes sense for different tasks. You'll see how to create custom
  instructions that teach Copilot your project's conventions, and how to use Copilot for
   cross-repository research and work.

  Key topics:
  - Agent mode vs. coding agent: when to use each
  - Custom instructions (.github/copilot-instructions.md)
  - Cross-repo workflows
  - Security considerations for open source

  Whether you maintain a sandbox or graduated project, leave with practical approaches
  you can implement immediately.

  ---

  Here is some more context:
  https://contribute.cncf.io/blog/2025/12/16/github-copilot-enterprise-for-maintainers

  Also, in this folder is a talk i did with Andy Anderson and Ashley Wolf. It's a good
  example of the kind of work i'm hoping to explain. You can find the presentation deck
  in this folder: Lessons from CNCF KubeStellar's Agentic Workflow Experiments-1.pdf

  I can reach out to GitHub staff, as well as CNCF staff, and project maintainers to
  help validate and verify this deck. 

  This session will be about 35 minutes, and I'd like to give a little time at the end
  for questions.

  Please help me draft this. I need to understand the current state of the art at
  GitHub. I'd also like to set up a toy project to use as a demo. We can use this folder
   to start a repository. Let's draft the talk using `marp`, I'll move the content to
  GSlides later when we get the content in. Start by helping me understand the current
  lay of the land, then let's outline the talk, and then we can discuss how to do the
  demo (if needed), if you dont' think a demo is necessary, let me know. I'd like to build
  a toy project as a part of this presentation, maybe a project health report tool, or
  something that has to do with keeping documentation up to date (given my role at the
  CNCF)

  The way I want to work with you is collaboratively. I need to understand this well enough
  to explain it. Each step I should be consulted, or have something explained. Provide 
  links to context. We're writing this together, but I have to present it and be able to
  answer detailed questions from a very technical audience.

  Please work in the KCCN-EU-Maintainer-Summit-2026 folder. Let's create a presentation
  folder under it, and any projects folders we need for the demo will go there too.